Announce new large runners (#2851)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: blog/2026-06-02-large-runners-gha.mdx

---
authors:
  - jaimergp
tags: [infrastructure]
---

import Link from '@docusaurus/Link';
import styles from "@site/src/components/Supporters/styles.module.css";
import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

# New large runners available for GitHub Actions

In March, we were notified that the colocation where the `open-gpu-server` CI was running was going to be decommissioned. This meant no GPU CI jobs and no long-running CPU jobs. Fortunately, we could get in touch with several companies that kindly agreed to sponsor the long-running CPU CI. We have not found a replacement for the GPU jobs, but we are still searching!

{/* truncate */}

## Decommissioning the `open-gpu-server` CI

> After [almost three years](https://quansight.com/post/building-a-gpu-ci-service-for-conda-forge/), the [`open-gpu-server`](https://github.com/Quansight/open-gpu-server) powering the long-running GPU and CPU CI jobs was decommissioned on March 13th. We started searching for suitable providers that could provide equivalent CI services and decided to give [Cirrus Runners](https://cirrus-runners.app) (CPU _and_ GPU) a try. The timing was terrible, because [Cirrus Labs was acquired by OpenAI on April 7th](https://cirruslabs.org) and their Runners service is being wound down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After [almost three years](https://quansight.com/post/building-a-gpu-ci-service-for-conda-forge/), the [`open-gpu-server`](https://github.com/Quansight/open-gpu-server) powering the long-running GPU and CPU CI jobs was decommissioned on March 13th. We started searching for suitable providers that could provide equivalent CI services and decided to give [Cirrus Runners](https://cirrus-runners.app) (CPU _and_ GPU) a try. Our timing was unlucky, because [Cirrus Labs was acquired by OpenAI on April 7th](https://cirruslabs.org) and their Runners service is being wound down.
```

## New providers for long-running CPU jobs

> Immediately after, we reached out to a few companies offering external runners for GitHub Actions. Maybe someone out there can help us with our most resource-demanding feedstocks... Fortunately, three different providers agreed to sponsor **large CPU runners for Linux, macOS and Windows**! We are incredibly grateful to these three companies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immediately after, we reached out to a few companies offering external runners for GitHub Actions. Maybe someone out there would be able to help us with our most resource-demanding feedstocks... Fortunately, three different providers agreed to sponsor **large CPU runners for Linux, macOS and Windows**! We are incredibly grateful to these three companies:
```

          <ThemedImage
            className={styles.image}
            alt={`${name} logo`}
            title={`Go to ${name}'s website`}
            sources={{
              light: useBaseUrl(`${light}`),
              dark: useBaseUrl(`${dark}`),
            }}
            width={"110%"}
          />
        </div>
        <p align={"center"}>{name}</p>
      </Link>
    ))}
  </div>
  <p></p>
</div>

If you maintain a feedstock with special CI requirements (e.g. it cannot be built with the Microsoft-hosted Azure Pipelines or GitHub Actions runners within the allocated six hours, or it runs out of RAM or disk despite all possible workarounds), learn how to opt-in at [How to> Advanced> Self-hosted runners](/docs/how-to/advanced/self-hosted-runners/).

## What about the GPU CI jobs?

Sadly, we don't have GPU CI jobs yet. Despite our attempts, we have not been able to find a GPU CI service that meets our requirements, which include:

- Fixed costs or org-wide capped concurrency to estimate an upper bound for the costs.
- Runs on GitHub Actions or equivalent integration effort in `conda-smithy`.
- Based on ephemeral Linux and/or Windows VMs that can (ideally) run Docker.

> - VM images are maintained by the service provider, not us.

Reviewer: This is not a hard requirement IMO; if for some reason there's an option that would fail _only_ this requirement, I'd be happy to maintain the images (docker is bog-standard these days, but we even got windows images off the ground: https://github.com/conda-forge/.cirun/issues/168).
```suggestion
- (Ideally) VM images are maintained by the service provider, not us.
```

In fact, the external maintenance can have minor downsides (in addition to undeniable upsides), like not being able to use our swapfile infrastructure (as is [the case](https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-smithy/issues/2349#issuecomment-4637803856) on the namespace runners, for example). Potentially similar config topics might arise in windows images for having up-to-date compilers, [ATL bits](https://github.com/conda-forge/admin-requests/issues/2090), enabling long-paths, etc.
